README.md, before:

# Imperfect Gamers [IG] - Activity Tracker

A plugin for user activity tracking for CounterStrikeSharp.

---

## Requirements
- [CounterStrikeSharp](https://github.com/roflmuffin/CounterStrikeSharp) - Version 199+
- [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) database to save information

---

## Installation
- Download the latest release from [here](https://github.com/razpbrry/Imperfect-ActivityTracker/releases)
- Unzip and place into your servers `game/csgo/` directory

---

## Configuration

After installation and initial run of the plugin, a configuration file will be created in the `game/csgo/addons/counterstrikesharp/configs/plugins/ImperfectActivityTracker/` directory.


### Database Settings - Required

`DatabaseHost` - The IP/Hostname for your database

`DatabasePort` - Port for your database (For exmaple MySQL 3306 for MySQL)

`DatabaseName` - Database name to save information to.

`DatabaseUser` - Username to login to your database

`DatabasePassword` - Password for username to login to your database

### Server Information

`ServerIp` - The IP for the server that this is being installed on. This is to save unique time data related to this specific server.

---

## Credits
The time tracking module within the [K4-System](https://github.com/K4ryuu/K4-System) plugin inspired and provided the foundation for the code found in this repository.

Commit message:

Add ConVar-based IP override to ImperfectActivityTracker & update README
- Introduce a new FakeConVar<string> named "imperfect_activity_ip" so our server owners can
  override the config’s "ServerIp" at launch (e.g., +imperfect_activity_ip "1.2.3.4").
- Register the ConVar in Load() by calling RegisterFakeConVars(GetType()).
- In OnConfigParsed, if the ConVar is set, override config.ServerIp, ensuring multi-server
  setups can easily define unique IPs without editing the JSON file.
- Bump plugin version from 1.3.2 to 1.4.0 (or as needed).
- Update the README to document the new command-line usage and example.

Usage:
  +imperfect_activity_ip "123.456.789.123"

This approach matches the style used in our other plugins (RockTheVote, ImperfectServerStatus).

README.md, after:

# Imperfect Gamers [IG] - Activity Tracker

A plugin for user activity tracking for CounterStrikeSharp.

---

## Requirements
- [CounterStrikeSharp](https://github.com/roflmuffin/CounterStrikeSharp) (version 1.0.296+ recommended)
- [MySQL](https://www.mysql.com/) database to save information

---

## Installation
- Download the latest release from [here](https://github.com/razpbrry/Imperfect-ActivityTracker/releases)
- Unzip and place into your servers `game/csgo/` directory

---

## Configuration

After installation and initial run of the plugin, a configuration file will be created in the `game/csgo/addons/counterstrikesharp/configs/plugins/ImperfectActivityTracker/` directory.


### Database Settings - Required

`DatabaseHost` - The IP/Hostname for your database

`DatabasePort` - Port for your database (For exmaple MySQL 3306 for MySQL)

`DatabaseName` - Database name to save information to.

`DatabaseUser` - Username to login to your database

`DatabasePassword` - Password for username to login to your database

### Server Information

`ServerIp` - The IP for the server that this is being installed on. This is to save unique time data related to this specific server.

#### Overriding the Server IP via ConVar **(Optional)**

If you run multiple instances of this plugin on different servers, or prefer to override the IP at launch time, you can set a ConVar on the command line:
```
+imperfect_activity_ip "1.2.3.4"
```

This value **overrides** the `"ServerIp"` found in the JSON config. It is especially useful when sharing a single install but using different IP addresses per server instance.

**Example Launch**
```bash
./srcds_linux -game csgo \
    +map de_dust2 \
    +imperfect_activity_ip "133.762.345.689" \
    +exec autoexec.cfg \
    ...
```
In this example, the plugin uses `133.762.345.689` instead of what’s in the config file, making it simpler to run multiple servers with one codebase.

---

## Credits
The time tracking module within the [K4-System](https://github.com/K4ryuu/K4-System) plugin inspired and provided the foundation for the code found in this repository.
